hi there Robert banks co-founder bill
direct going to talk about heritage loom
outdoor furniture available from bill
direct incredibly easy process to have
it delivered you'll have it available
and ready for a BBQ by the weekend very
high value so you have this handmade
product at prices a fraction of what you
would get somewhere else let's take a
look when your product arrives it's
going to show up in a truck like this
and there's going to be what's called a
residential tail lift gate I'm just
going to lower the product down onto
your driveway okay so here we have the
back of the truck we've just had several
pilots of heritage bloom outdoor
furniture when this product shows up
it's real easy this is one unit right
this is one of the bigger unit to the
Heritage balloon collection all fits on
one pallet and it's not very heavy ok so
the products arrived it's unloaded from
the truck so now we're going to show you
how easy it is to take it out of the box
and set it up let's take a look
as you just see how they they're going
to stack so when you're when you're
going to store in these in the off
season they stack really nicely
okay so you have the product out of the
box you're starting to assemble the only
part that you have to assemble is the
table okay you're going to have three
things to look for within the box you're
going to have your hardware you're going
to have your instructions and you're
going to have this triangle iron piece
okay that's all you're going to need you
have an allen key with it so one or two
people five minutes you can have this
put together
this is a man-made resin wicker okay tan
wolven and you can see like it's
literally a hand-woven extremely durable
product this is extruded and it the
colors all the way through so it's a UV
coated color product so even if you
scratch it you wouldn't you wouldn't
expose the color the color is all the
way
another thing I just want to mention we
do have defeat the adjustable feet okay
so if you need to level that off that's
really cool how we cube it and put it
away let me show you mass efficient
ocean fishing off the back seat down
why the auditor
there you go so in the Heritage loom
Collection from bill direct there's
quite a few different series so this is
the dining set series each piece has its
own ottoman for chairs and of course the
table the Luminum frame construction
here is one of the things that gets me
extremely excited aluminum is the best
metal to use for this type of furniture
it's lightweight really durable okay and
it's coated with a rust-free coating so
you're not going to have any rusting at
all okay another thing what they do is
what's called caged construction caged
frame construction so this comes
preassembled and it's extremely durable
so let's talk about the heritage loom
high-quality cushions you get a lot of
cushions with this so water-resistant
double stitched for durability and
strength UV coated so it won't fade in
the sunlight hey guys let's grab a seat
ready to go
you